Add node initialization & integration test (#240)
postech-dao/simperby: DIRECTORY.md

## `/`

- `simperby.exe` or `simperby`: the executable
- `config.json`: the configuration
- `key.json`: private key

## `/repository`

- `dms/`: DMS for the repository module
- `repo/` the git repository
- `repo/reserved`: the reserved state

## `/governance`

- `dms/`: DMS for the governance module

## `/consensus`

- `dms/`: DMS for the consensus module
- `state/`: the state of the consensus module

## `/peers`

> various file for trakcing peers in the network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
various files for tracking peers in the network
```
